and speak to AR here is Sonia Gayo so
Sonia this is one of the first large
rallies under the new labor government
that announced of course that it's
stopping at least some arms deliveries
to Israel nevertheless what is the
message there at the
rally well the message Remains the Same
really there is a concerted sense of
frustration that to those who've
gathered here and Sly to the organizers
that not much has changed yes even
though the foreign secretary David Lamy
uh announced the immediate suspension of
30 arms export licenses to Israel that's
out of a total of
350 now this doesn't come anywhere near
close to any sort of arms embargo and
this was a point that the foreign
secretary David Lamy stressed himself
and it certainly doesn't come anywhere
near the arms embargo that was put in in
1982 when Margaret Thatcher was prime
minister and put an arms embargo and an
oil embargo on Israel uh for its part in
the war in the Lebanon war then but so
this sense of frustration is very much
being communicated here uh there perhaps
wasn't a great sense of hope that there
would be a dramatic shift as a new
government came in but what the
demonstrators and the organizers of the
demonstrators are determined to do is to
keep up the voice keep up their protest
against the ongoing war in Gaza and to
make sure that the UK government is
fully aware of it and that they're not
going to uh hinder this form of protest
while they can Antonio this rally is
also the first since that series of
racially motivated riots in several
towns and cities in the UK a few weeks
ago has all of that been factored into
the decision to go ahead with this
[Music]
March well suddenly the organizers have
said that this is obviously a
Palestinian solidarity March in terms of
what's happening in G
but they've also said it is a rallying
call for the UK government to take
islamophobia seriously now we have just
seen in the UK we've seen a very tense
summer in certain cities outside of
London uh that have really struggled
with this issue uh where there have been
very uh tough anti-immigration
and voices that have come out and rioted
against the current UK policy now with
that in mind you've had to sort of
reconcile the fact that uh the riots had
caused immense damage there was even a
hotel in which Asylum Seekers had been
staying in that was lit up in Flames by
some of those riters so a very very
tense situation indeed uh what the
demonstrators are calling for here is
for the government the Home Secretary
and for the prime minister kissama to
take those sentiment seriously and to
underscore that islamophobia is still
clear and present danger in the UK which
does need to be resolved urgently okay
Sonia many thanks for that Sonia goo in
London make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz